README.md, before:

# Password Generator

# Table of Contents
 - Description
 - Installation Instruction
 - GitHub Account
 - Contact
 - Images
 - Code Snippets
 - Resources
 - Learning Points

 # Description

During this homework assignment we are tasked to create a password generator. The generator has some requirements before it can produce an outcome. The user can choose specific requirements for the password, such as wanting it to be all uppercase, lowercase or even all special characters if they so choose, the main requirement is that the password has a minimum of 8 characters through a maximum of 128 characters. This application runs on the browser and contains HTML/CSS and JavaScript.

# Installation Instructions
To use git clone there are a numbers of steps that you need to do.
 1. First open your terminal
 2. Navigate into a designated folder or if you want to make a new one you
 3. Open folder by using cd FOLDERNAME and git clone to your terminal
 4. Once you have successfully cloned into your terminal type ls to make sure its there.
 5. Then you can type code . and it will open up VS Code for you with the information.

 Click on deployed site link -> [ ]

 # GitHub

 URL -> [ https://github.com/ashrean/hw-PasswordGenerator- ]

# Contact

Linkedin -> [ https://www.linkedin.com/in/ashleyrean/ ]
Email -> [ sese.ashrean@gmail.com ]

# Images


# Code Snippets


# Resources


# Learning Points

Commit message:

added const variables  to .js

README.md, after:

# Password Generator

# Table of Contents
 - Description
 - Installation Instruction
 - GitHub Account
 - Contact
 - Images
 - Code Snippets
 - Resources
 - Collaborators

 # Description

During this homework assignment we are tasked to create a password generator. The generator has some requirements before it can produce an outcome. The user can choose specific requirements for the password, such as wanting it to be all uppercase, lowercase or even all special characters if they so choose, the main requirement is that the password has a minimum of 8 characters through a maximum of 128 characters. This application runs on the browser and contains HTML/CSS and JavaScript.

# Installation Instructions
To use git clone there are a numbers of steps that you need to do.
 1. First open your terminal
 2. Navigate into a designated folder or if you want to make a new one you
 3. Open folder by using cd FOLDERNAME and git clone to your terminal
 4. Once you have successfully cloned into your terminal type ls to make sure its there.
 5. Then you can type code . and it will open up VS Code for you with the information.


 # GitHub
 Deployed sir link -> [ https://ashrean.github.io/hw-PasswordGenerator-/ ]

 URL -> [ https://github.com/ashrean/hw-PasswordGenerator- ]

# Contact

Linkedin -> [ https://www.linkedin.com/in/ashleyrean/ ]
Email -> [ sese.ashrean@gmail.com ]

# Images


# Code Snippets


# Resources
Links to Resources:
1. https://www.w3schools.com/jsref/met_document_queryselector.asp
2. https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_const.asp

# Collaborators
My brother-in-law, Paul, who helped steer me in the right direction and who told me about using "const". I learned that
const is when we declared a variable when the value cannot be changed.
